Welcome to this course module.
In the last module we had a look at the future as we learn how that works.
Now when I dive into react.
J.S. Riak chaos is a never very popular framework and it was developed by Facebook Facebook itself uses
it a lot on the Facebook page you're probably visiting a lot now.
There it is not to use as a single page application.
Instead we have a full stack application.
So the server returning multiple views for different or else baduy actually has its use on a lot of
these pages to control big parts of it.
However reactor Yes all is capable of running single page applications so both as possible just like
with view yes.
In this module we're going to dive into re-access learned from scratch and whilst we learned you will
probably see some similarities to view chess but also a lot of inferences.
And hopefully this will also give you your first clue on which one you like more.
But however of course we'll will have a competition of all frameworks at the end of the course.
So let's dive into reactivates now.